README.md, before:

# Blue Steel Brand
Where you can make yourself a superstar for the right price!

## Table of Contents
- Getting Started
- Widgets
- Optimization
- Technologies Used

## Getting Started
- To be continued...

## Widgets
### [Overview](https://github.com/FEC-Dexter-s-Laboratory/Project-Atelier/tree/main/client/src/components/Overview)
- Mitchell Wintrow [![Linkedin: LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/kevinzhugao/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mitchell-wintrow-87b180216/) [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/Daniel-Ghaly)](https://github.com/mrrobotisreal)

### [Related Products](https://github.com/FEC-Dexter-s-Laboratory/Project-Atelier/tree/main/client/src/components/RelatedItems)
- Ivy Wong [![Linkedin: LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/kevinzhugao/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ivy-k-wong/) [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/kevinzhugao)](https://github.com/ivykw)

### [Questions & Answers](https://github.com/FEC-Dexter-s-Laboratory/Project-Atelier/tree/main/client/src/components/QnA_subComponents)
- Cody Kazuma [![Linkedin: LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/kevinzhugao/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/cody-kazuma/) [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/kevinzhugao)](https://github.com/KodAlpha)

### [Ratings & Reviews](https://github.com/FEC-Dexter-s-Laboratory/Project-Atelier/tree/main/client/src/components/Reviews)
- Kamran Masood [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/kevinzhugao)](https://github.com/kamasood)
## Tech Stack
- Webpack
- Babel
- React
- Express
- Axios
- ES Lint
- Air B&B Style Guide
- Styled Components

## Tech Stack
- Setup and Configuration
![git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![npm](https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-CB3837?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white)
![Babel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Babel-F9DC3e?style=for-the-badge&logo=babel&logoColor=black)
![Webpack](https://img.shields.io/badge/webpack-%238DD6F9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=webpack&logoColor=black)

- Front End Development
![javascript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E)
![react](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![html](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![css](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

- Back End Development
![node](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)
![express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white)
![axios]
![Cloudinary]
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
![Ubuntu](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ubuntu-E95420?style=for-the-badge&logo=ubuntu&logoColor=white)

- Testing Environment
![jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jest-C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white)
![ESLint](https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-4B3263?style=for-the-badge&logo=eslint&logoColor=white)

- Team Collaboration
![Trello](https://img.shields.io/badge/Trello-%23026AA7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Trello&logoColor=white)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)
![Zoom](https://img.shields.io/badge/Zoom-2D8CFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=zoom&logoColor=white)
![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-4A154B?style=for-the-badge&logo=slack&logoColor=white)

Commit message:

Edited our README to have a more detailed description of the project, added customized badges for our tech stack that did not have pre-made badges available to use.

README.md, after:

# Blue Steel Brand
Our team, Dexter's La-BOR-atory, was tasked with rebuilding an e-commerce company's website from scratch. We were given a Business Requirements Document(s)
with detailed instructions for how many widgets they needed and what they expected those widgets to be and do. We used wireframing to get the structure of our
website put together, a structure to manage states from a high level that is able to pass down to other components, styling that aims to be soft
and aesthetically pleasing to the eye, and an optimized approach not only for performance, but also for accessibility, because we care about our customers
and we want anyone to be able to successfully navigate our website with ease.

## Table of Contents
- Getting Started
- Widgets
- Optimization
- Tech Stack

## Getting Started
- To be continued...

## Widgets
### [Overview](https://github.com/FEC-Dexter-s-Laboratory/Project-Atelier/tree/main/client/src/components/Overview)
- Mitchell Wintrow [![Linkedin: LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/kevinzhugao/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mitchell-wintrow-87b180216/) [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/Daniel-Ghaly)](https://github.com/mrrobotisreal)

### [Related Products](https://github.com/FEC-Dexter-s-Laboratory/Project-Atelier/tree/main/client/src/components/RelatedItems)
- Ivy Wong [![Linkedin: LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/kevinzhugao/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ivy-k-wong/) [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/kevinzhugao)](https://github.com/ivykw)

### [Questions & Answers](https://github.com/FEC-Dexter-s-Laboratory/Project-Atelier/tree/main/client/src/components/QnA_subComponents)
- Cody Kazuma [![Linkedin: LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/kevinzhugao/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/cody-kazuma/) [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/kevinzhugao)](https://github.com/KodAlpha)

### [Ratings & Reviews](https://github.com/FEC-Dexter-s-Laboratory/Project-Atelier/tree/main/client/src/components/Reviews)
- Kamran Masood [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/kevinzhugao)](https://github.com/kamasood)

## Optimization
- Compression
![compression](https://img.shields.io/badge/Compression-Compressing%20files-red)
![aria-label](https://img.shields.io/badge/aria--label-For%20Screen%20Readers-brightgreen)

## Tech Stack
- Setup and Configuration
![git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![npm](https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-CB3837?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white)
![Babel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Babel-F9DC3e?style=for-the-badge&logo=babel&logoColor=black)
![Webpack](https://img.shields.io/badge/webpack-%238DD6F9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=webpack&logoColor=black)
![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)

- Front End Development
![javascript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E)
![react](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![html](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![css](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
[![style: styled-components](https://img.shields.io/badge/style-%F0%9F%92%85%20styled--components-orange.svg?colorB=daa357&colorA=db748e)](https://github.com/styled-components/styled-components)
![Google](https://img.shields.io/badge/google-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google&logoColor=white)

- Back End Development
![node](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)
![express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
![Ubuntu](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ubuntu-E95420?style=for-the-badge&logo=ubuntu&logoColor=white)
![Axios](https://img.shields.io/badge/Axios-HTTP%20Requests-orange)
![Cloudinary](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudinary-Image%20API-blue)

- Testing Environment
![jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jest-C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white)
![ESLint](https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-4B3263?style=for-the-badge&logo=eslint&logoColor=white)

- Team Collaboration
![Trello](https://img.shields.io/badge/Trello-%23026AA7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Trello&logoColor=white)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)
![Zoom](https://img.shields.io/badge/Zoom-2D8CFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=zoom&logoColor=white)
![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-4A154B?style=for-the-badge&logo=slack&logoColor=white)
